single-availability-zone-automation/README.md, before:

## Overview
In addition to what is described in [Single Availability Zone](../single-availability-zone/README.md), software packages are installed on VSIs.  The following software packages are installed are:
- Web Tier: WordPress, Apache, and PHP
- App Tier: Apache and PHP
- DB Tier: MariaDB

<img src="./images/Software-stack.png" width="250" />

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_ibm"></a> [ibm](#requirement\_ibm) | 1.39.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_ibm"></a> [ibm](#provider\_ibm) | 1.39.1 |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.1.0 |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | 0.7.2 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_bastion"></a> [bastion](#module\_bastion) | ./modules/bastion | n/a |
| <a name="module_instance"></a> [instance](#module\_instance) | ./modules/instance | n/a |
| <a name="module_instance_group"></a> [instance\_group](#module\_instance\_group) | ./modules/instance_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_load_balancer"></a> [load\_balancer](#module\_load\_balancer) | ./modules/load_balancer | n/a |
| <a name="module_placement_group"></a> [placement\_group](#module\_placement\_group) | ./modules/placement_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_public_gateway"></a> [public\_gateway](#module\_public\_gateway) | ./modules/public_gateway | n/a |
| <a name="module_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#module\_security\_group) | ./modules/security_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_subnet"></a> [subnet](#module\_subnet) | ./modules/subnet | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | ./modules/vpc | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [null_resource.placement_group_validation_check_linux](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.placement_group_validation_check_windows](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [time_sleep.wait_600_seconds_app](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [ibm_is_ssh_key.bastion_key_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/1.39.1/docs/data-sources/is_ssh_key) | data source |
| [ibm_is_ssh_key.ssh_key_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/1.39.1/docs/data-sources/is_ssh_key) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alb_port"></a> [alb\_port](#input\_alb\_port) | This is the Application load balancer listener port | `number` | `80` | no |
| <a name="input_api_key"></a> [api\_key](#input\_api\_key) | Please enter the IBM Cloud API key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_aggregation_window"></a> [app\_aggregation\_window](#input\_app\_aggregation\_window) | The aggregation window is the time period in seconds that the instance group manager monitors each instance and determines the average utilization. | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_app_config"></a> [app\_config](#input\_app\_config) | Application Configurations to be passed for App Instance Group creation | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "application_port": "80",<br>  "instance_profile": "cx2-2x4",<br>  "memory_percent": "70",<br>  "network_in": "4000",<br>  "network_out": "4000"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_app_cooldown_time"></a> [app\_cooldown\_time](#input\_app\_cooldown\_time) | Specify the cool down period, the number of seconds to pause further scaling actions after scaling has taken place. | `number` | `120` | no |
| <a name="input_app_cpu_threshold"></a> [app\_cpu\_threshold](#input\_app\_cpu\_threshold) | Average target CPU Percent for CPU policy of App Instance Group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_image"></a> [app\_image](#input\_app\_image) | Custom image id for the app VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_max_servers_count"></a> [app\_max\_servers\_count](#input\_app\_max\_servers\_count) | Maximum App servers count for the App Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_min_servers_count"></a> [app\_min\_servers\_count](#input\_app\_min\_servers\_count) | Minimum App servers count for the App Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_os_type"></a> [app\_os\_type](#input\_app\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for App Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_pg_strategy"></a> [app\_pg\_strategy](#input\_app\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for App servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bandwidth"></a> [bandwidth](#input\_bandwidth) | Bandwidth per second in GB. The possible values are 3, 5 and 10 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_image"></a> [bastion\_image](#input\_bastion\_image) | Custom image id for the Bastion VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_ip_count"></a> [bastion\_ip\_count](#input\_bastion\_ip\_count) | IP count is the total number of total\_ipv4\_address\_count for Bastion Subnet | `number` | `8` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_os_type"></a> [bastion\_os\_type](#input\_bastion\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for Bastion server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_profile"></a> [bastion\_profile](#input\_bastion\_profile) | Specify the profile needed for Bastion VSI | `string` | `"cx2-2x4"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_key_var_name"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_key\_var\_name](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_key\_var\_name) | This is the name of the ssh key which will be generated dynamically on the bastion server and further will be attached with all the other Web/App/DB servers. It will be used to login to Web/App/DB servers via Bastion server only. | `string` | `"bastion-ssh-key"` | no |
| <a name="input_data_vol_size"></a> [data\_vol\_size](#input\_data\_vol\_size) | Storage size in GB. The value should be between 10 and 2000 | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_db_image"></a> [db\_image](#input\_db\_image) | Custom image id for the Database VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | Database will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_os_type"></a> [db\_os\_type](#input\_db\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for DB Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_pg_strategy"></a> [db\_pg\_strategy](#input\_db\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for Database servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_profile"></a> [db\_profile](#input\_db\_profile) | Hardware configuration profile for the Database VSI. | `string` | `"cx2-2x4"` | no |
| <a name="input_db_pwd"></a> [db\_pwd](#input\_db\_pwd) | Database user will be created with the specified password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_user"></a> [db\_user](#input\_db\_user) | Database user will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_vsi_count"></a> [db\_vsi\_count](#input\_db\_vsi\_count) | Total Database instances that will be created in the user specified zone. | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_algo"></a> [lb\_algo](#input\_lb\_algo) | lbaaS backend distribution algorithm | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "least-x": "least_connections",<br>  "rr": "round_robin",<br>  "wrr": "weighted_round_robin"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_port_number"></a> [lb\_port\_number](#input\_lb\_port\_number) | declare lbaaS pool member port number | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "custom": "xxx",<br>  "http": "80",<br>  "https": "443"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_protocol"></a> [lb\_protocol](#input\_lb\_protocol) | lbaaS protocols | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "443": "https",<br>  "80": "http",<br>  "l4-tcp": "tcp"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_type_private"></a> [lb\_type\_private](#input\_lb\_type\_private) | This variable will hold the Load Balancer type as private | `string` | `"private"` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_type_public"></a> [lb\_type\_public](#input\_lb\_type\_public) | This variable will hold the Load Balancer type as public | `string` | `"public"` | no |
| <a name="input_local_machine_os_type"></a> [local\_machine\_os\_type](#input\_local\_machine\_os\_type) | Operating System to be used [windows \| mac \| linux] for your local machine which is running terraform apply | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | This is the prefix text that will be prepended in every resource name created by this script. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_ip_address_list"></a> [public\_ip\_address\_list](#input\_public\_ip\_address\_list) | Provide the User's Public IP address in the format X.X.X.X/32 which will be used to login to Bastion VSI. Also Please update your changed public IP address everytime before executing terraform apply | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_regions"></a> [regions](#input\_regions) | Region and Zones mapping | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "au-syd-1": "au-syd",<br>  "au-syd-2": "au-syd",<br>  "au-syd-3": "au-syd",<br>  "br-sao-1": "br-sao",<br>  "br-sao-2": "br-sao",<br>  "br-sao-3": "br-sao",<br>  "ca-tor-1": "ca-tor",<br>  "ca-tor-2": "ca-tor",<br>  "ca-tor-3": "ca-tor",<br>  "eu-de-1": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-de-2": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-de-3": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-gb-1": "eu-gb",<br>  "eu-gb-2": "eu-gb",<br>  "eu-gb-3": "eu-gb",<br>  "jp-osa-1": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-osa-2": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-osa-3": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-tok-1": "jp-tok",<br>  "jp-tok-2": "jp-tok",<br>  "jp-tok-3": "jp-tok",<br>  "us-east-1": "us-east",<br>  "us-east-2": "us-east",<br>  "us-east-3": "us-east",<br>  "us-south-1": "us-south",<br>  "us-south-2": "us-south",<br>  "us-south-3": "us-south"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id) | Resource Group ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tiered_profiles"></a> [tiered\_profiles](#input\_tiered\_profiles) | Tiered profiles for Input/Output per seconds in GBs | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "10": "10iops-tier",<br>  "3": "general-purpose",<br>  "5": "5iops-tier"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_user_ssh_key"></a> [user\_ssh\_key](#input\_user\_ssh\_key) | Enter the list of IBM cloud ssh key name. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_aggregation_window"></a> [web\_aggregation\_window](#input\_web\_aggregation\_window) | The aggregation window is the time period in seconds that the instance group manager monitors each instance and determines the average utilization. | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_web_config"></a> [web\_config](#input\_web\_config) | Web Configurations to be passed for Web Instance Group creation | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "application_port": "80",<br>  "instance_profile": "cx2-2x4",<br>  "memory_percent": "70",<br>  "network_in": "4000",<br>  "network_out": "4000"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_web_cooldown_time"></a> [web\_cooldown\_time](#input\_web\_cooldown\_time) | Specify the cool down period, the number of seconds to pause further scaling actions after scaling has taken place. | `number` | `120` | no |
| <a name="input_web_cpu_threshold"></a> [web\_cpu\_threshold](#input\_web\_cpu\_threshold) | Average target CPU Percent for CPU policy of Web Instance Group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_image"></a> [web\_image](#input\_web\_image) | Custom image id for the web VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_max_servers_count"></a> [web\_max\_servers\_count](#input\_web\_max\_servers\_count) | Maximum Web servers count for the Web Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_min_servers_count"></a> [web\_min\_servers\_count](#input\_web\_min\_servers\_count) | Minimum Web servers count for the Web Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_os_type"></a> [web\_os\_type](#input\_web\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for Web Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_pg_strategy"></a> [web\_pg\_strategy](#input\_web\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for Web servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_email"></a> [wp\_admin\_email](#input\_wp\_admin\_email) | Password of the Admin User for the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_password"></a> [wp\_admin\_password](#input\_wp\_admin\_password) | Password of the Admin User for the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_user"></a> [wp\_admin\_user](#input\_wp\_admin\_user) | Name of the Admin User of the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_blog_title"></a> [wp\_blog\_title](#input\_wp\_blog\_title) | Title of the website or blog | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone"></a> [zone](#input\_zone) | Please enter a zone to be used for resources creation | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones) | Region and zones mapping | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "au-syd": [<br>    "au-syd-1",<br>    "au-syd-2",<br>    "au-syd-3"<br>  ],<br>  "br-sao": [<br>    "br-sao-1",<br>    "br-sao-2",<br>    "br-sao-3"<br>  ],<br>  "ca-tor": [<br>    "ca-tor-1",<br>    "ca-tor-2",<br>    "ca-tor-3"<br>  ],<br>  "eu-de": [<br>    "eu-de-1",<br>    "eu-de-2",<br>    "eu-de-3"<br>  ],<br>  "eu-gb": [<br>    "eu-gb-1",<br>    "eu-gb-2",<br>    "eu-gb-3"<br>  ],<br>  "jp-osa": [<br>    "jp-osa-1",<br>    "jp-osa-2",<br>    "jp-osa-3"<br>  ],<br>  "jp-tok": [<br>    "jp-tok-1",<br>    "jp-tok-2",<br>    "jp-tok-3"<br>  ],<br>  "us-east": [<br>    "us-east-1",<br>    "us-east-2",<br>    "us-east-3"<br>  ],<br>  "us-south": [<br>    "us-south-1",<br>    "us-south-2",<br>    "us-south-3"<br>  ]<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_LOAD_BALANCER"></a> [LOAD\_BALANCER](#output\_LOAD\_BALANCER) | This variable will display the private and public IP addresses and DNS of load balancers |
| <a name="output_VSI"></a> [VSI](#output\_VSI) | This variable will display the private IP address of DB servers and the public IP address of Bastion Server |

Commit message:

Release3.2.0
Feature Update
Added support for the DBaaS which is a SaaS of IBM Cloud for the following projects:
3-tier-stateless projects
mzr-automation projects
single-availability-zone projects
single-availability-zone-automation projects
Version Update
IBMCloud Provider Version Update - The provider version has been updated to 1.45.0
Terraform Version Update - The minimum supported version of Terraform has been updated from >=0.13.0 to >=0.14.0

single-availability-zone-automation/README.md, after:

## Overview
In addition to what is described in [Single Availability Zone](../single-availability-zone/README.md), software packages are installed on VSIs.  The following software packages are installed are:
- Web Tier: WordPress, Apache, and PHP
- App Tier: Apache and PHP
- DB Tier: MariaDB

<img src="./images/Software-stack.png" width="250" />

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_ibm"></a> [ibm](#requirement\_ibm) | 1.45.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_ibm"></a> [ibm](#provider\_ibm) | 1.45.0 |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.1.1 |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | 0.7.2 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_bastion"></a> [bastion](#module\_bastion) | ./modules/bastion | n/a |
| <a name="module_instance"></a> [instance](#module\_instance) | ./modules/instance | n/a |
| <a name="module_instance_group"></a> [instance\_group](#module\_instance\_group) | ./modules/instance_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_load_balancer"></a> [load\_balancer](#module\_load\_balancer) | ./modules/load_balancer | n/a |
| <a name="module_placement_group"></a> [placement\_group](#module\_placement\_group) | ./modules/placement_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_public_gateway"></a> [public\_gateway](#module\_public\_gateway) | ./modules/public_gateway | n/a |
| <a name="module_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#module\_security\_group) | ./modules/security_group | n/a |
| <a name="module_subnet"></a> [subnet](#module\_subnet) | ./modules/subnet | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | ./modules/vpc | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [null_resource.placement_group_validation_check_linux](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.placement_group_validation_check_windows](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [time_sleep.wait_600_seconds_app](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [ibm_is_ssh_key.bastion_key_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/1.45.0/docs/data-sources/is_ssh_key) | data source |
| [ibm_is_ssh_key.ssh_key_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/1.45.0/docs/data-sources/is_ssh_key) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alb_port"></a> [alb\_port](#input\_alb\_port) | This is the Application load balancer listener port | `number` | `80` | no |
| <a name="input_api_key"></a> [api\_key](#input\_api\_key) | Please enter the IBM Cloud API key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_aggregation_window"></a> [app\_aggregation\_window](#input\_app\_aggregation\_window) | The aggregation window is the time period in seconds that the instance group manager monitors each instance and determines the average utilization. | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_app_config"></a> [app\_config](#input\_app\_config) | Application Configurations to be passed for App Instance Group creation | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "application_port": "80",<br>  "instance_profile": "cx2-2x4",<br>  "memory_percent": "70",<br>  "network_in": "4000",<br>  "network_out": "4000"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_app_cooldown_time"></a> [app\_cooldown\_time](#input\_app\_cooldown\_time) | Specify the cool down period, the number of seconds to pause further scaling actions after scaling has taken place. | `number` | `120` | no |
| <a name="input_app_cpu_threshold"></a> [app\_cpu\_threshold](#input\_app\_cpu\_threshold) | Average target CPU Percent for CPU policy of App Instance Group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_image"></a> [app\_image](#input\_app\_image) | Custom image id for the app VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_max_servers_count"></a> [app\_max\_servers\_count](#input\_app\_max\_servers\_count) | Maximum App servers count for the App Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_min_servers_count"></a> [app\_min\_servers\_count](#input\_app\_min\_servers\_count) | Minimum App servers count for the App Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_os_type"></a> [app\_os\_type](#input\_app\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for App Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_pg_strategy"></a> [app\_pg\_strategy](#input\_app\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for App servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bandwidth"></a> [bandwidth](#input\_bandwidth) | Bandwidth per second in GB. The possible values are 3, 5 and 10 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_image"></a> [bastion\_image](#input\_bastion\_image) | Custom image id for the Bastion VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_ip_count"></a> [bastion\_ip\_count](#input\_bastion\_ip\_count) | IP count is the total number of total\_ipv4\_address\_count for Bastion Subnet | `number` | `8` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_os_type"></a> [bastion\_os\_type](#input\_bastion\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for Bastion server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bastion_profile"></a> [bastion\_profile](#input\_bastion\_profile) | Specify the profile needed for Bastion VSI | `string` | `"cx2-2x4"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_key_var_name"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_key\_var\_name](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_key\_var\_name) | This is the name of the ssh key which will be generated dynamically on the bastion server and further will be attached with all the other Web/App/DB servers. It will be used to login to Web/App/DB servers via Bastion server only. | `string` | `"bastion-ssh-key"` | no |
| <a name="input_data_vol_size"></a> [data\_vol\_size](#input\_data\_vol\_size) | Storage size in GB. The value should be between 10 and 2000 | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_db_image"></a> [db\_image](#input\_db\_image) | Custom image id for the Database VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | Database will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_os_type"></a> [db\_os\_type](#input\_db\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for DB Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_pg_strategy"></a> [db\_pg\_strategy](#input\_db\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for Database servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_profile"></a> [db\_profile](#input\_db\_profile) | Hardware configuration profile for the Database VSI. | `string` | `"cx2-2x4"` | no |
| <a name="input_db_pwd"></a> [db\_pwd](#input\_db\_pwd) | Database user will be created with the specified password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_user"></a> [db\_user](#input\_db\_user) | Database user will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_vsi_count"></a> [db\_vsi\_count](#input\_db\_vsi\_count) | Total Database instances that will be created in the user specified zone. | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_floating_ip"></a> [enable\_floating\_ip](#input\_enable\_floating\_ip) | Determines whether to enable floating IP for Bastion server or not. Give true or false. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_lb_algo"></a> [lb\_algo](#input\_lb\_algo) | lbaaS backend distribution algorithm | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "least-x": "least_connections",<br>  "rr": "round_robin",<br>  "wrr": "weighted_round_robin"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_port_number"></a> [lb\_port\_number](#input\_lb\_port\_number) | declare lbaaS pool member port number | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "custom": "xxx",<br>  "http": "80",<br>  "https": "443"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_protocol"></a> [lb\_protocol](#input\_lb\_protocol) | lbaaS protocols | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "443": "https",<br>  "80": "http",<br>  "l4-tcp": "tcp"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_lb_type_private"></a> [lb\_type\_private](#input\_lb\_type\_private) | This variable will hold the Load Balancer type as private | `string` | `"private"` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_type_public"></a> [lb\_type\_public](#input\_lb\_type\_public) | This variable will hold the Load Balancer type as public | `string` | `"public"` | no |
| <a name="input_local_machine_os_type"></a> [local\_machine\_os\_type](#input\_local\_machine\_os\_type) | Operating System to be used [windows \| mac \| linux] for your local machine which is running terraform apply | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | This is the prefix text that will be prepended in every resource name created by this script. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_ip_addresses"></a> [public\_ip\_addresses](#input\_public\_ip\_addresses) | Provide the list of User's Public IP addresses in the format "X.X.X.X" which will be used to login to Bastion VSI.<br>For example: "123.201.8.30,219.91.139.49". <br>Also Please provide the updated list of public IP addresses everytime before executing. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_regions"></a> [regions](#input\_regions) | Region and Zones mapping | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "au-syd-1": "au-syd",<br>  "au-syd-2": "au-syd",<br>  "au-syd-3": "au-syd",<br>  "br-sao-1": "br-sao",<br>  "br-sao-2": "br-sao",<br>  "br-sao-3": "br-sao",<br>  "ca-tor-1": "ca-tor",<br>  "ca-tor-2": "ca-tor",<br>  "ca-tor-3": "ca-tor",<br>  "eu-de-1": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-de-2": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-de-3": "eu-de",<br>  "eu-gb-1": "eu-gb",<br>  "eu-gb-2": "eu-gb",<br>  "eu-gb-3": "eu-gb",<br>  "jp-osa-1": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-osa-2": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-osa-3": "jp-osa",<br>  "jp-tok-1": "jp-tok",<br>  "jp-tok-2": "jp-tok",<br>  "jp-tok-3": "jp-tok",<br>  "us-east-1": "us-east",<br>  "us-east-2": "us-east",<br>  "us-east-3": "us-east",<br>  "us-south-1": "us-south",<br>  "us-south-2": "us-south",<br>  "us-south-3": "us-south"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id) | Resource Group ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tiered_profiles"></a> [tiered\_profiles](#input\_tiered\_profiles) | Tiered profiles for Input/Output per seconds in GBs | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "10": "10iops-tier",<br>  "3": "general-purpose",<br>  "5": "5iops-tier"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_user_ssh_keys"></a> [user\_ssh\_keys](#input\_user\_ssh\_keys) | This is the list of existing ssh key/keys on the User's machine and will be attached with the bastion server only.<br>For example: "first-ssh-key,second-ssh-key".<br>This will ensure the incoming connection on Bastion Server only from the users provided ssh\_keys. You can check your key name in IBM cloud. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_aggregation_window"></a> [web\_aggregation\_window](#input\_web\_aggregation\_window) | The aggregation window is the time period in seconds that the instance group manager monitors each instance and determines the average utilization. | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_web_config"></a> [web\_config](#input\_web\_config) | Web Configurations to be passed for Web Instance Group creation | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "application_port": "80",<br>  "instance_profile": "cx2-2x4",<br>  "memory_percent": "70",<br>  "network_in": "4000",<br>  "network_out": "4000"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_web_cooldown_time"></a> [web\_cooldown\_time](#input\_web\_cooldown\_time) | Specify the cool down period, the number of seconds to pause further scaling actions after scaling has taken place. | `number` | `120` | no |
| <a name="input_web_cpu_threshold"></a> [web\_cpu\_threshold](#input\_web\_cpu\_threshold) | Average target CPU Percent for CPU policy of Web Instance Group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_image"></a> [web\_image](#input\_web\_image) | Custom image id for the web VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_max_servers_count"></a> [web\_max\_servers\_count](#input\_web\_max\_servers\_count) | Maximum Web servers count for the Web Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_min_servers_count"></a> [web\_min\_servers\_count](#input\_web\_min\_servers\_count) | Minimum Web servers count for the Web Instance group | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_os_type"></a> [web\_os\_type](#input\_web\_os\_type) | OS image to be used linux for Web Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_web_pg_strategy"></a> [web\_pg\_strategy](#input\_web\_pg\_strategy) | The strategy for Web servers placement group - host\_spread: place on different compute hosts - power\_spread: place on compute hosts that use different power sources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_email"></a> [wp\_admin\_email](#input\_wp\_admin\_email) | Password of the Admin User for the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_password"></a> [wp\_admin\_password](#input\_wp\_admin\_password) | Password of the Admin User for the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_admin_user"></a> [wp\_admin\_user](#input\_wp\_admin\_user) | Name of the Admin User of the wordpress website | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wp_blog_title"></a> [wp\_blog\_title](#input\_wp\_blog\_title) | Title of the website or blog | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone"></a> [zone](#input\_zone) | Please enter a zone to be used for resources creation | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones) | Region and zones mapping | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "au-syd": [<br>    "au-syd-1",<br>    "au-syd-2",<br>    "au-syd-3"<br>  ],<br>  "br-sao": [<br>    "br-sao-1",<br>    "br-sao-2",<br>    "br-sao-3"<br>  ],<br>  "ca-tor": [<br>    "ca-tor-1",<br>    "ca-tor-2",<br>    "ca-tor-3"<br>  ],<br>  "eu-de": [<br>    "eu-de-1",<br>    "eu-de-2",<br>    "eu-de-3"<br>  ],<br>  "eu-gb": [<br>    "eu-gb-1",<br>    "eu-gb-2",<br>    "eu-gb-3"<br>  ],<br>  "jp-osa": [<br>    "jp-osa-1",<br>    "jp-osa-2",<br>    "jp-osa-3"<br>  ],<br>  "jp-tok": [<br>    "jp-tok-1",<br>    "jp-tok-2",<br>    "jp-tok-3"<br>  ],<br>  "us-east": [<br>    "us-east-1",<br>    "us-east-2",<br>    "us-east-3"<br>  ],<br>  "us-south": [<br>    "us-south-1",<br>    "us-south-2",<br>    "us-south-3"<br>  ]<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_BASTION_PUBLIC_IP"></a> [BASTION\_PUBLIC\_IP](#output\_BASTION\_PUBLIC\_IP) | This variable will display the public IP address of Bastion Server |
| <a name="output_LOAD_BALANCER"></a> [LOAD\_BALANCER](#output\_LOAD\_BALANCER) | This variable will display the private and public IP addresses and DNS of load balancers |
| <a name="output_VSI"></a> [VSI](#output\_VSI) | This variable will display the private IP addresses of App/Web/DB servers |
