single-availability-zone-automation/modules/instance/README.md, before:

## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_ibm"></a> [ibm](#provider\_ibm) | 1.36.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [ibm_is_instance.db](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/resources/is_instance) | resource |
| [ibm_is_volume.data_volume](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/resources/is_volume) | resource |
| [ibm_is_image.db_os](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/data-sources/is_image) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_bandwidth"></a> [bandwidth](#input\_bandwidth) | Bandwidth per second in GB. The possible values are 3, 5 and 10 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_data_vol_size"></a> [data\_vol\_size](#input\_data\_vol\_size) | Storage size in GB. The value should be between 10 and 2000 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_image"></a> [db\_image](#input\_db\_image) | Image for DB VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | Database will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_profile"></a> [db\_profile](#input\_db\_profile) | DB Profile | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_pwd"></a> [db\_pwd](#input\_db\_pwd) | Database user will be created with the specified password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_sg"></a> [db\_sg](#input\_db\_sg) | DB Security Group | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_user"></a> [db\_user](#input\_db\_user) | Database user will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | Prefix for all the resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id) | Resource Group ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssh_key"></a> [ssh\_key](#input\_ssh\_key) | ssh keys for the vsi | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet"></a> [subnet](#input\_subnet) | DB subnets Ids. This is required parameter | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tiered_profiles"></a> [tiered\_profiles](#input\_tiered\_profiles) | Tiered profiles for Input/Output per seconds in GBs | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | Required parameter vpc\_id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone"></a> [zone](#input\_zone) | Resources will be created in the user specified zone | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_db_target"></a> [db\_target](#output\_db\_target) | Target primary network interface address |
| <a name="output_db_vsi"></a> [db\_vsi](#output\_db\_vsi) | Target primary network interface address |

Commit message:

Release 3.1.0
This Release includes the Placement Group Integration:
Single Availability Zone
Single Availability Zone Automation
General Fix for the all other project.

single-availability-zone-automation/modules/instance/README.md, after:

## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_ibm"></a> [ibm](#provider\_ibm) | 1.37.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [ibm_is_instance.db](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/resources/is_instance) | resource |
| [ibm_is_volume.data_volume](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/resources/is_volume) | resource |
| [ibm_is_image.db_os](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/IBM-Cloud/ibm/latest/docs/data-sources/is_image) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_bandwidth"></a> [bandwidth](#input\_bandwidth) | Bandwidth per second in GB. The possible values are 3, 5 and 10 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_data_vol_size"></a> [data\_vol\_size](#input\_data\_vol\_size) | Storage size in GB. The value should be between 10 and 2000 | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_image"></a> [db\_image](#input\_db\_image) | Image for DB VSI | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | Database will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_placement_group_id"></a> [db\_placement\_group\_id](#input\_db\_placement\_group\_id) | Placement group ID to be used for Database servers. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_profile"></a> [db\_profile](#input\_db\_profile) | DB Profile | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_pwd"></a> [db\_pwd](#input\_db\_pwd) | Database user will be created with the specified password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_sg"></a> [db\_sg](#input\_db\_sg) | DB Security Group | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_user"></a> [db\_user](#input\_db\_user) | Database user will be created with the specified name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_vsi_count"></a> [db\_vsi\_count](#input\_db\_vsi\_count) | Total Database instances that will be created in the user specified zone. | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | Prefix for all the resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_reregister_rhel"></a> [reregister\_rhel](#input\_reregister\_rhel) | Reregister script for rhel 7.9 for mirror yum repos | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id) | Resource Group ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssh_key"></a> [ssh\_key](#input\_ssh\_key) | ssh keys for the vsi | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet"></a> [subnet](#input\_subnet) | DB subnets Ids. This is required parameter | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tiered_profiles"></a> [tiered\_profiles](#input\_tiered\_profiles) | Tiered profiles for Input/Output per seconds in GBs | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | Required parameter vpc\_id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone"></a> [zone](#input\_zone) | Resources will be created in the user specified zone | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_db_target"></a> [db\_target](#output\_db\_target) | Target primary network interface address |
| <a name="output_db_vsi"></a> [db\_vsi](#output\_db\_vsi) | Target primary network interface address |
